hello in this video we are going to make a
boxing of this energy system order
which is a tablet called in the
issste no7 logically this exists
inches and is pretty well priced
because it costs 69 with 90 and has some
keys a few characteristics
first as low as ever
we open here and open here
and now yes
and we have read if it contains the delivery note that
good face we will look at the putter not what
we leave very far because we will use it
like the delivery note and
as he puts here and well here he does not put anything
but if you are 69 with 90
as we see we still have the bags
of air that are the same bags of
our 5 that I also keep
out there saved because you can not
come well for anything
here
I plan 7 we will set aside the box
packaging and let's look what it says
It says it's an 8 gig tablet
you wait a second
with 8gb double camera to a gig of ram and
android 4.4 that was what most called me
the attention because I like quite that
Android version
we keep seeing good puts that 7
inches double-core and name
is here although it does not exist if it is
seeing just a little bit but put in the
tablet no7
more or less what I said before
and well let's start to open this
tablet now
to open this you have to have a lot
be careful because we are playing the
original box of the tablet so let's go
to do here goes the little cortecito and
then we remove everything with your hand if
we got to make the cut
when we already have that, you can already withdraw
this plastic
what is a part
we move the plastic aside
then you have to recycle and well we see that
in the box it is rare and it opens from a
a bit special way you have to throw
we have more the hollow box we are going to
let her work
here for whom it seems that in things
and we're going to a pretty little tablet 7
inches and let's see what else there is
under the tablet and that's worth
we admire the tablet
of security so that you do not take it or
nothing if you see this here
and the tablet is pretty good are 7
inch a camera here another camera
here to put ssd card and according to
presented here because they are like as before if
is inches hd 8GB RAM dual core
a android 4.4 a giga ram and dual core
and it's good was pretty good
It does not look good, we're going to
remove the tablet we rotate this and the
we put here
once we put the mail we give here to
the little arrow and it tells us that if we want
we accept so let's accept
and we are still waiting
as always when you buy a
phone well the first moments of
turn on and all that costs a lot
but then it's just pretty good now
you tell him
backup copies so I want
edit backup copies
and then education and all that we leave
as is and that you receive notifications and
google play offers because it's a me
like to buy things in body
now that again and well my name is
dani logically yes
and my name is dan and I asked for a jab
and the next
establishing connection
and good as we see the tablet is already
turned on all the way as we see here it
they are downloading updates as
from gmail
and data
itself from gmail and from the application that
that tells you about google now and
those things
and good when I finish updating and
to put the entire tablet correctly
we took a look though good
and finally better let's go here and
settings
let's go to information on the tablet
and let's see what it says 4.4 points and if
we press it many times the
chain cat
and you android though fair but you do not see
but if we turn it
with android 4.4 point 2
If we are going to press, the
headquarters logo
hi and play and the bullshit
well up to here the video of
tablet pouch
in the cinema or 7
Pretty cheap tablet costs 70 euros
although I've said it before and it's not
nothing bad of price for good what
little one and what the management that
you can give so that as I always say the
we can see in the following video or in
above and even then bye